[ peacocks calling ]
[ indistinct conversations,
music thumping ]
[ peacock calls ]
Boom!
Yes!
You nervous
about the peacocks?
Me too. They scream so loud.
Scares me like crazy.
No cap. Facts.
It's not the peacocks,
stan.
I hate
these hideki parties.
Everyone has all these
impressive things going on
To talk about,
and I don't.
They all look at me
like I'm a big nothing.
You've got something going on!
Don't you?
Aren't you out in the shed doing
little potteries or something?
My pottery, stan?!
Oh, my god!
That's not impressive!
I'm not even good at it!
I'm just gonna lie low
until it's time to leave.
Come on!
You're francine!
The wife of me, stan!
I'm working on
a book of witticisms.
Very impressive.
Would you like to be
cheered up with one?
No, thanks.
I don't remember
most of these.
Buncha head scratchers.
Oooh! Here's a good one!
"the marines said they were
looking for a few good men,
And I think
the movie found them."
Ha ha ha ha ha!
[ peacock cries ]
[ stan screaming ]
♪♪
♪ good morning, u.S.A. ♪
♪ I got a feelin' that
it's gonna be a wonderful day ♪
♪ the sun in the sky
has a smile on his face ♪
♪ and he's shinin' a salute
to the american race ♪
♪ oh, boy, it's swell to say ♪
♪ good -- ♪
♪ good morning, u.S.A. ♪
Aah!
[ music thumping,
peacock cries ]
[ indistinct conversations ]
Francine:
At least there's food.
Maybe I can grab some
and sneak off.
As you may have heard,
We recently adopted
a 5-year-old child.
[ applause ]
That's not my impressive thing!
My impressive thing
is my new jacket!
Do you love?
All: Ooh!
Oh, francine!
Thought I saw francine.
And what do you boys
have going on?
Um, it's a little
early to --
I won't give you
too many details,
But I will say
that our project...
Is in the tech space.
All: Ooh!
Yeah.
It's in the tech space.
I have this little rash that
so far, no doctor can identify.
I'm seeing
a lot of specialists.
It's become somewhat
of a full-time job.
All: Ooh!
I've been working on plans for
a glow-in-the-dark basketball.
All: Ooh!
There's a lot of days
I think I cracked it,
But then the sun goes down
and...I can't find my ball.
"they say truth
is in the eye of the beholder.
But if they say tooth is
in the eye of the 'bee-holder,'
The person holding the bee,
then all bets are off, baby!"
I'm ghostwriting
a book of witticisms.
Oh, wow.
Great party, right?
I heard gary gogo is here,
The biggest art dealer
in the world.
They say he's totally
over-the-top ridiculous --
A billionaire.
That's me!
I'm gary gogo!
No shit? Aww. I thought
it was gonna be me.
So nice to find someone at
this party I can just be with.
No one's trying
to impress anyone else.
It's a good vibe
on the top stair.
I can do a cartwheel!
Wanna see?
Man!
Even you're impressive!
My meatball!
[ gasps ]
the elusive francine!
What's new with you?
Mmm! Meatball.
We can wait.
I, uh, have to lie!
I mean, pee!
[ breathing heavily ]
[ knock on door ]
Hideki:
We're all waiting for you
When you come out, francine.
[ glass shatters ]
[ rustling ]
I need my car keys!
Throw me my keys!
[ peacock squawking ]
What are you doing?!
Are you insane?!
[ partygoers and peacocks
screaming ]
[ stan screams ]
Francine, that's very bad
for my peacock!
[ peacock cries ]
Still gonna need
that update, francine!
♪♪
That was a bad party
for me.
-Well....
-It, uh...
You looked great,
though.
I liked when you fought
the peacock.
Ugh. I'm late for
my flight to cupertino.
Oh, my god!
You didn't hear that!
I've got
a doctor's appointment.
-B-ball science.
-The quill calls!
I hold the quill
and write all the words!
Sad-face francine?
I know.
The party's over,
and I should move on,
But I feel like I'm stuck
there...Emotionally.
Party? What party?
There was a party?
I feel like
such a loser, klaus.
How can you bear to live
like this all the time?
Well, I try to picture
three spheres
Floating in complex orbit until
I disassociate from my body.
That wasn't the answer
I was expecting.
Can I show you something,
loser to loser?
Blblblb! Yeah, okay.
Let's see it.
I've been making bowls.
I make 'em, I bake 'em,
then I break 'em.
Break 'em? Why?
Because!
Pbht! It never
turns out good enough!
It isn't impressive in any way!
It's a flop!
Hold! What's the worst
that could happen if
you didn't break it?
If you showed it
to someone?
Not me, of course.
A real person.
They would laugh,
and the laughter
Would feel like bullets
and kill me.
No one's going to laugh
at a bowl.
The truth is,
no one will even care.
Plus, "other people's
opinions of you
Are none
of your business."
Is that a quote?
Who said that?
I don't know.
Not steve harvey.
Listen. Jurgen steals
splenda packets
From this one coffee shop.
It has a shelf where local
artists can display their work.
No.
Yes!
I can't do this, klaus.
My good man, does anyone
ever look at the art
On this little shelf?
What shelf?
Okay.
I'm proud of you,
franny.
[ door opens, bell jingles ]
oh, no!
Marc gilbert
just walked in!
He's the meanest,
cruelest guy in langley!
He shits on everything!
Hah! Nice shirt, lard ass!
Heh-heh! That bowl!
Is that about how big
the salads are here?
Grabbin' some roadies
for jurgen.
Man: It's her!
Francine!
Yes! Now hold that look
for two to four hours!
[ knock on door ]
Francine smith?
I'm gary gogo, the biggest
art dealer in the world.
And I love your bowl!
These are what I call
"art world paparazzi."
I'm sorry, francine.
Is this all too stupid?
I can get
regular paparazzi.
I'm just so excited
about your bowl!
♪♪
So, there I am in the middle
of butt [bleep] egypt nowhere,
But I haven't had
my turkish coffee yet
And I'm outside
of what looks like
Could pass for
a coffee shop.
I go in. I say,
"please tell me you have
Turkish coffee
and a very green banana."
And then I see it.
The bowl.
I made a bowl!
He likes it!
I like it? No!
I feel that, without it,
I would cease to exist, okay?
It's ineffable.
Perfectly imperfect.
It reminded me that the world is
good and that love is possible.
It made me cry!
30 years of therapy
and not a drip!
Then boom! Bowl!
Oh, my god! Mom!
Uh, tell him about my rash
if you get a sec.
Simply put, you are it,
and the bowl is the thing.
I speak for the totality
of important people.
What do you think of that,
francine?
I like it!
Well, that's great
because we like you...
And we are inviting you
to a small dinner tonight
At my house
in little st. Barths.
My ride will
pick you up at 6:00.
It's big. It's gold.
It's a versace helicopter.
[ door opens and closes ]
[ all cheering ]
I'm loving this feeling,
klaus.
Maybe this is the thing
I've always wanted?
For people to think
I'm impressive
And then tell me nonstop?
And I know you said other
people's opinions of me
Is none of my business,
but --
That's when we were losers,
francine!
What matters now
is the attention,
The love, the approval --
and, baby, we've got it!
We?
Yeah! I'm your manager!
20 years from now,
you're gonna be suing me
For ripping you off, so let's
enjoy the good times now
While we've got them!
[ all cheering ]
I'm loving what I'm seeing,
francine!
[ indistinct conversations ]
[ applause ]
The woman of the hour!
The bowl mother!
Francine smith!
Francine, let me introduce you
to the few people
Who are everyone
who is anyone.
This is
greta bubblewater.
Heiress.
Crazy shoe wearer.
The bowl transcends the
governing metaphysical order.
Felicitations.
You too!
All of the schnoozles.
Art-world royal family.
Zeppo, anatoli, babaloo,
among others.
The bowl walks
the delicate tight rope
Between real and surreal.
It asks us, somehow in both
a whisper and a scream, "why?"
Fer sure!
And this is jared leto.
My enemy. Snub him.
And finally,
pippa 4.
The world's richest dog.
May I...
Sniff your butthole?
[ indistinct conversations ]
"if at first you
don't succeed, strip."
Huh.
I don't get this one.
He delivered it wrong. He was
supposed to take his dick out.
And that's how the bowl
saved my life.
This. This right here
is why I do what I do.
I think we're all wondering,
"what's next?"
[ silverware clatters ]
Next?!
Buh-buh-buh-buh!
Let me answer.
The next thing is awesome,
and it's coming soon.
We're screwed!
You better come up
with something good!
My life
is in your hands!
Vesuvio schnoozle hooked me up
with his guy at alfa romeo,
And I ordered
17 of them!
They are crossing
the atlantic right now!
Plus, I am this close
to being mr. Richest dog!
We're in the door, francine,
and it would be a shame
To get kicked out
because you can't follow up!
You think I don't know that?!
They think I'm amazing!
And if I can't come up
with another thing,
I'll go back
to being nothing!
We're on the same page!
Francine, I understand
That you're familiar
with the artist jasperterian.
Yes, he painted
my vagina.
Good!
Well, his latest widow
is offering her artist's retreat
In new mexico
for your exclusive use.
You'll have full access
to a team of masseuses,
Shamans,
my drug dealer delmonaco.
I use delmonaco!
Of course.
We want you
to succeed, francine.
We're all
rooting for you!
[ applause ]
[ satellite orchestra's "joy"
plays ]
♪♪
I think this is gonna be good.
[ wailing ]
this is bad!
Wait. Get me an atv
and a body suit!
[ engine revving ]
I'm manifesting the piece
into existence!
[ cellphone buzzes ]
Uh, the chef wants to know
if there's anything
You would like
to manifest for lunch!
Francine:
Ice-cream cake!
When they expect me to zig,
they actually expect me to zag,
So I need to zig.
Delmonaco knows.
He understands,
You're all looking at me
like owls.
What am I doing talking?
I need to work!
Everybody out!
Except you, delmonaco.
[crying]
nooo! Delmonaco!
It's so hard!
I know, sweetheart.
I will check in later.
You're surrounded
by light.
Everyone expects
so much from me,
And I just don't have
any more to give!
Am I a fraud?
You're a-tired.
Just get some sleep,
I think, okay?
You, sleep.
Me, gotta go.
Francine:
Ohh! I did it!
I zigged and zagged!
Pippa 4?
Can you hear me?
I'm thinking of you
all the time, my love.
I think we deserve
a trip to paris.
Klaus, I am going to sleep
for the next 36 hours.
I'm not to be disturbed.
The new piece is on the table.
It's ready for pick-up.
Call gary.
I'm on the phone.
[ yawns ]
Why are my stuck-together bowls
still on the table?!
The chip 'n' dip?
I've been using that
for my scoops and salsa.
That's my art!
Then what did I deliver
to gary?
You tell me!
A big lump of clay!
It was sitting on the table!
You thought a lump of clay
was art?!
What do I know
from art?
You ruined me!
Acclaim! Acclaim!
Acclaim!
You have shifted
the paradigm of bowls!
What?
Lump is new bowl!
We gotta get you on a jet
back to langley!
You're on "morning mimosa"
at 11:00!
Man: No, the lump
is legit everything.
I'm lump-obsessed!
What is wrong
with everyone?
This is madness.
It's a lump!
It's not good.
Who cares?
They love it!
America, canada,
And, for some reason, estonia
have lump fever, francine!
I need to show them
my stuck-together bowls!
The chip 'n' dip?
Are you eating yogurt
off a lump?!
Is there
any other way?
-Yes!
-You're up.
[ audience chanting "lump!" ]
Francine smith,
we need to know everything!
How did you come up
with the lump?
I didn't.
You're saying the lump
was already out there
And you're just the conduit?
Very humble!
This is very weird.
I feel like I'm in
the twilight zone.
It's pronounced
twilight zone.
Twilight zone.
Hit it but don't hit it.
I made this!
[ audience screams ]
Shards?!
Shards are the new lump!
We saw her process!
It happened on our show!
Oh, my god!
[ audience chanting "shards!" ]
The amazing shards!
Meaningful shards!
This is crazy.
Is this real?
Where's my family?
I need to see my family.
There you are!
-Shard mother!
-We love shards!
Shaaaards!
You know,
I still like the lump.
Lump?! Are you
an absolute moron?
Hayley: You don't know
anything about anything!
Stan: How dare you!
Steve: I'm not apologizing
for what I like.
So, I'm here because
I think I'm crazy now.
Nothing feels real.
And I need help.
I get it. You feel like you're
in the twilight zone.
And that's because
the adulation of others,
The thing you wanted more than
anything, is now meaningless.
Bingo.
That's not crazy.
[ sighs ]
I love shards,
by the way.
Oh, brother.
I understand.
If everyone loves
everything you do,
How do you know if you're
actually worthy of it?
Well, there's a special ward
in this hospital
Where you can get
that answer.
Geez louise, lady!
You're walking fast as hell!
What am I
supposed to do here?
Orderly: You're waiting
your turn to see the director.
The director will determine
your worthiness.
What happens
if I'm not worthy?
Don't worry about that.
It's time for bed anyway.
Good night.
Bread? Love bread.
The rest of this
mental hospital?
Zero stars.
"run"?
"run for your life"?
[ woman screaming ]
Hello?!
How am I supposed to avail
myself of the amenities?!
Female voice: [echoing]
don't meet the director.
Get out while you can.
I'm trying!
[ squeaking ]
Da furq?
[ cloth rips ]
Hmm! Maybe shards are good!
[ shard shatters ]
[ suspenseful music plays ]
[ electricity buzzing ]
I wanna leave!
I don't want to meet
the director!
[ screams ]
Orderly: The director
will see you now.
[ screaming ]
Ooh!
[ footsteps thumping ]
Monster?!
You're a kid.
I'm the director.
Of this
mental hospital.
And my conclusion is...
You're not worthy.
You're bad and you belong
in the garbage forever.
Hew. Okay.
That just feels true.
It's hard to hear,
but it's good to hear.
I'm relieved, honestly.
Go. Get in there.
When you're right,
you're right.
Just really quick, 'cause it's
gonna bother me. Have we met?
You seem
really familiar.
Pbht!
Hey that's my move!
Oh, my god!
You're...Me!
This...Is...
Probably not happening.
Yeah? So?
If you're me, why are you
telling me I'm bad?
Because you are bad!
We are!
We're nothing!
Don't you remember?
I made that mug
in kindergarten!
And everyone laughed.
Both: And the laughter
felt like bullets.
But I'm remembering
it was fun to make.
It's a flop!
Well, I love it.
It's very you.
I guess it's very me.
And I think
we're great.
I'm sorry you've been
feeling so bad about yourself.
But come on.
You're, like, the boss
Of the mental
institution!
And you're, what, 5?
That's pretty cool.
It is pretty cool.
A lot of pressure, though.
You deserve a little fun.
I'd really love it
if you came with me.
But I don't know
what's out there.
It's just the world.
And you deserve
to be part of it.
Come on. I got you.
♪♪
[ knock on door ]
stan: Francine!
You've been in there for half
an hour! I'm starting to worry!
That I'm going to
poop my pants!
You're back, girl!
Francine!
Back from the bathroom
at last.
Yes, I'm back,
and what I have been up to
Is I just had the world's
Most productive
panic attack!
O-kay. Cool!
Tuttle! What do you have
going on, my friend?
Your opinion of me
is none of my business!
Who are you?
I know you want my bowl.
I don't want your bowl.
It's really something,
it's very me,
And you can't have it!
I need it! I'll give you
a million dollars for it!
Uh...No?
I'll make you a bowl!
[ satellite orchestra's "joy"
plays ]
♪♪
Bye! Have a beautiful time!